served hot or cold you know they have a
lot of versatility so let's get started
what I have here is some cultivated
mushrooms different than wild mushrooms
cultivated shiitake oyster mushrooms
these you can grow right in your
backyard on a board with the right soil
so and also mostly available in most
supermarkets
and stores in America how about a little
medium heat first question do you think
they kid you could kind of put the food
on and they would think that it was
something like regular spaghetti
they think it's they would think it's
spaghetti for sure you could you can
disguise it you could disguise it but
you wouldn't have to because they're
really that delicious we're gonna begin
now with some heat and our shitake
mushrooms inside of our skillet now
you're gonna notice that like mushrooms
are mostly all water so they're gonna
suck up whatever oil you put in there
they're gonna suck that up so we want to
start cooking with that now what kind of
oil is that this is a vegetable oil okay
you could use canola you could use olive
oil now here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna make a quick little dressing for
this dish so gluten free soy sauce okay
this is a oyster sauce which has a
pretty high sodium content so we're just
gonna use a little bit of this for
really for like our salt okay then we're
gonna have a pinch of raw sugar the next
ingredient is ponzu which is sort of a
lime flavored soy sauce okay really
really good any of you eat fish ponzu on
fish fantastic now I'll tell you another
in great ingredient and this is miso
this is a red miso which is made from
soybeans so we're gonna add that paste
in here and dissolve that is that a
spicy flavor the music uh no no it's a
pretty neutral and then we're gonna have
a little sake that really depends if you
are into sake we're gonna do
so we're gonna just dissolve that up and
now let me show you how quickly this is
gonna go now I have red pepper and
onions that's the next ingredient as you
know bell pepper is especially red
pepper have more vitamin C in them than
an orange and you can see how it's
really soaked up all of the oil that's
okay
don't have to panic just add up touch
more oil it's really no big deal now
we're gonna add a little bit flavoring
in here and then we're gonna put this
dish show you how fast this is ginger
garlic a little bit of green onion
sometimes people would love to just take
a little bit of green onion and just
kind of do him in pieces like this in a
lot of Asian cooking I'll just cut him
in big pieces like this whatever you
want to do if you want to do that that's
great
we'll add those in here now we'll get
our flavors all together
you smell that already yeah smells great
so heard about being a vegetarian yes
finding the protein sources I do eat
fish but but finding which combinations
work the biggest thing that you could do
right now is this is a perfect dish if
you want to put tofu yeah absolutely you
could fry it you could put it right
inside I've used a medium to firm tofu
now here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna add this really quick watch our
sauce mixture is gonna go inside we're
gonna take out our noodles
we just sort of lightly stir fry this
okay
just lightly stir fry it are the noodles
pick it up in the noodles are a little
bit sticky yeah prepare that there
already
no there I just blanched them so just
like spaghetti okay to the al dente now
we're just gonna let this cook a little
salt now if we want to get spicy now
watch this this is hydroponic watercress
and watercress has just been forgotten
about so we're gonna cut it off its
roots we're gonna add a little bit of
this like a salad almost to the tray now
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
our futon and we're gonna bring this
baby right to the platter now and we're
gonna just sort of lay this right on the
platter and it's gonna wilt the water
crust a little this here we'll just kind
of scrape down now what we're gonna do
also to that is very simple we're gonna
add a little bit of carrot we're gonna
add a little bit of green onion we're
gonna add a little bit of cilantro which
is gonna add some great flavor to this
and then we'll take a little bit more of
our watercress just kind of cut cut it
right from right from the earth and look
at that there's our first meatless
meatless meatless